---
title: Relevant - Medium THM # name your WU = Name - [Level] [Platform]
date: 2023-11-01 12:01:23 +/-0800 # configure the date same as the name of your file
categories: [writeup, tryhackme] # categories, First the parents than the child-category, 2 or 3 MAX !
writeup: :title # don't touch me! 
permalink: /relevant # / and the name
tags: [htb, easy, writeup, linux, Walk on the ap, Keepass, Talace] #TAG names always lowercase (a,b,c,d,e,f...)
---

- OS: Linux
- Difficulty: Easy
- Author: Talace

# Keeper

Welcome on my first HackTheBox write up ! On the "EASY" box name's KEEPER

### SCANNING 👀

Let's start with a **SCANNING**.

I'm scanning with a basic nmap -sV to enumerate the services.
`nmap -sV 10.10.11.227`

It gave me this:
```
PORT STATE SERVICE VERSION

22/tcp open ssh OpenSSH 8.9p1 Ubuntu 3ubuntu0.3 (Ubuntu Linux; protocol 2.0) 
80/tcp open http nginx 1.18.0 (Ubuntu) 
Service Info: OS: Linux; CPE: cpe:/o:linux:linux_kernel

```

We can see here an SSH && HTTP web-server. It seems obvious to me: i need to get credentials of a user in the web-server, then log into the ssh and finish with a privesc to gain the root. 


### ENUMERATION OF THE WEB-SERVER 🤠

No time to waste, let's try to connect to the website!

Oh i see a redirect link, it might by interesting! The page message:

**To raise an IT support ticket, please visit tickets.keeper.htb/rt/**

Oops.. the DNS seems to have no IP to connect on. let's fix that's [error 404]

`nano /etc/hosts`

Now put the host of the DNS keeper.htb and his sub-domain tickets: 
```bash
# htb [ip of the box]
10.10.x.x keeper.htb tickets.keeper.htb
```
Youhou! We get access to the web-site, we lunch on a login page. After some research it appear to be a template for a request-tracker. I see this 4.4.4+dfsg-2ubuntu1 it might be the version of it. Let's search for a default credentials, we never now...

Boom! we get the right way, we pass with root:password, we are into it! 

**In the request-tracker..**

Wow.. we can see a lot of information around here. After some enumeration, one stand from the other, the ADMIN sub-menu. We might take a look at the USERS sub-menu sometimes someone as left a note.

We got another user name's lnorgaard. 

She left a note, so kind from her! The note:
`New user. Initial password set to Welcome2023!`

**Connect to SSH 😼**


Little-recap! we got user:**lnorgaard** and a password: **Welcome2023!**
Let's try to connect via SSH.. It works ! 

Got the user.txt flag, ONE DOWN ! 


### PRIVESC 🐧

After getting the flag we can see two file that stand out of the other. a KeePassDumpFull.dmp and a passcodes.kdbx

After some research i found out it was a her KeePass database. And a dmp file where we can crack the password database. 

**CRACKING THE PASSWORD DATABASE:**

i found a repo for a keepass password dumper. Here's how to use it (need to install .NET) : 

Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/vdohney/keepass-password-dumper or download it from GitHub` 

Enter the project directory in your terminal `cd keepass-password-dumper`

Lunch it: `dotnet run PATH_TO_DUMP`

Oh.. what is this ? **dgrød med fløde** let's make some research. Oh! We found something, it's a famous danish food call [Rødgrød med fløde](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZKpS0XgKhE&ab_channel=MTBCookingNordics)

**ENTER IN THE DATABASE:**

To connect to the database, i use a web-based KeePass client.

We unlock the database with this password : **rødgrød med fløde**

And find a PuTTy key.

**CONVERT PUTTY KEY INTO AN ID_RSA SSH PRIVATE KEY**
```bash
#Use puttygen to convert it from ppk to id_rsa
puttygen key.ppk -O private-openssh -o id_rsa

# change permission
chmod 600 id_rsa

# Connect ! 
ssh -i id_rsa root@keeper.htb
```
 **TADAAAM ! We get the root flag :)**

`cat root.txt`

ENJOY ! 😼
